- [Instructor] When operating batch jobs
how a job is launched is very important.
Jobs often have dependencies on other jobs
and must be executed in an appropriate sequence
for business operations to be successful.
Spring boot and Spring batch offer a few strategies
for launching a batch job.
However, many enterprises prefer to launch jobs
with a scheduler.
Let's take a look at a few options for launching
batch jobs and scheduling their execution.
There are three primary strategies
for launching the execution of Spring batch jobs,
which include Spring Boot, schedulers, and rest.
We've already seen Spring Boot in action
throughout the course.
Spring Boot includes the job launcher command line runner
that allows us to execute jobs via an executable jar
from the command line.
Through the application dot properties file
and the parameters used to launch the jar, we can control
what jobs are launched and the job parameters they use.
This strategy can be used with a cron
on the operating system to schedule executions
of job instances.
We can also use an enterprise scheduler such as Quartz
to launch a Spring batch job.
By design, the Spring framework does not
include a scheduler.
However, many enterprise schedulers can be used
with the framework.
This allows you to choose your scheduler provider
or use the scheduler preferred by your company.
The final approach for launching a job is to set up
a regular Spring MVC controller and launch the job
in response to an HTTP request.
This strategy is effective when jobs must be kicked off
on demand or on an ad hoc basis.
In the upcoming lessons, we'll take a look
at a few approaches for scheduling the execution
of Spring batch jobs using Quartz
and the scheduling capabilities embedded within Spring.